When setting up a project in
QGIS, the first thing we want to
do is create a folder to store
our materials related to the
project and our project into.
We want to make sure that it's
stored in an organised and easy
to access way.
So hopefully you've been able to
download these materials.
I've got them here in my
downloads.
If you downloaded them to
somewhere else then navigate to
where they are and now we're
going to create our folder.
So I'm going to go into my
OneDrive and then into My
Documents and I'm going to put
my folder in here.
So I'm going to right click, go
on to new and then create a new
folder and I'm going to name
this intro QGIS.
And now we have our folder where
we're going to put our materials
into you and we also have
somewhere to save our QGIS
project into.
So let's go into our download
and drag across the materials
that we downloaded and put it
into this folder we just created
and we can see that we have the
zipped folder here.
And so what we're going to need
to do is unzip this folder and
so to do that we can right click
on it and go on to extract all.
And when we get this pop up come
up you can just delete the part
that has the name of the folder
because this creates another
folder that we don't really
need.
So we can just get rid of this
and click extract.
So now we can see that we have a
unzipped folder and our zipped
folder.
So if we go into the unzipped
one, now we can see all the
materials here that we're going
to use within this course and we
can just delete the zipped one
because we don't need that
anymore.
An important thing to do is just
make sure that all your folders
are named clearly so you know
what they are.
So we're going to click on this
and then click again to change
the name and we'll call it
materials so we know what this
folder is.
And so now we have our intro
QGIS folder and we have our
materials folder within this.